
VENTURE BUILDER AND GROWTH ACCELERATOR
Immortal Ventures
Our Mission
Putting Humans First: Artificial Intelligence Is Cool — But Let's Prioritize Human Wellbeing As We Learn To Accelerate Beyond Mechanical-Robotics & Large Language Models Into Bio-Energetic Quantum Mastery Over The Next 1,000 Years And Beyond 
What We Do
Immortal Ventures builds and supports software startups (from digital platforms to mobile apps) through our private Venture Studio and a public Growth Accelerator
Our Venture Portfolio

Cognitive Development Platform
 
Trut In Biometrics Initiative
 
Radical Health Extension

'Origin of Value' Collaboration Platform
Rando Cams — Hot Takes with Friends & Strangers
Live Mixers — In Real Life Meetup Events
Travel Hub — AI-Assisted Travel Arrangements
Hack-At-This — Streamlined Hackathon Platform
Love Puzl — Modern Solutions For Singles Matchmaking and Couples Intimacy
Work Buddy — Remote Co-Working Sessions 
Ask Me Anything — AMA Campaigns for Consumer & Business Influencers
Infinite Canvas — Visual Thought Organizer
Growth Accelerator
Funded? Bootstrapping?
Join Our Accelerator

"an incredible program. It has played a critical role in helping us refine and shape our pitch and message." - Goodblock
Early-stage commercial focus for scalable traction
Customer journey optimization for accelerated user growth
Resource allocation for cost-efficient runway management
Program Schedule & Application
Startups Receive:  
Tailored interactive 60-Day Growth Sprint: A structured program featuring Mastermind Roundtables and GTM Sprint Reviews to track progress—spanning four phases (validation to Series A). 
Early-Stage Leadership Development:  Practice and coaching to sharpen communication, presentation, accountability, and stakeholder engagement, fostering a professional culture for modern leadership.
International Business Immersion: Perspective and practice for professional communication (including business-English proficiency), led by a native British mentor with global business experience.
Startups Gain: 
4x-10x Valuation Leap: Elevates $500K seed startups to $2M Series A potential, growing accelerators’ equity and a 4x-10x return on VC equity.
Unlocked Fundability: Custom traction (e.g., users for apps, partnerships for tech services) and English fluency open doors to global capital (e.g., top-tier investors). 
Sustainable Growth: From early traction (e.g., “100 users/customers, $20K ARR, fluent pitches”), to scalable growth (hiring, budget management, partner programs for distribution at scale). 
 
Gavriel Shaw, Chairman
British-born, living in Latin America, with a 20-year international career.  
Supporting GTM for: Merrill Lynch, BOA, ING Barings, Digital Look, Stabull, Cryptospace, Bitcoin.com, Database Group, Sabio, Avaya, Syncoms, Wirex, Fuel-IT, Jarvis, Orange Mobile, Hypha, Pizza Express, Renault, and more. 
Past roles include: CMO, Head of Marketing, Web Marketing Director, Acquisition Manager, Product Marketing Manager, Product Manager, SEO Manager, Launch Manager, and Copywriter.

Gavriel supported us in sharpening our business case and pitch.
He has a razor sharp eye and always manages to focus in on the areas of concern your business needs to pay attention to.
Running a business is all about managing your time so you prioritize the right things.
Prioritize Gav and you won't be disappointed :-)

Joost Schouten
Founder | www.nestr.io
Gavriel has amazingly sharp insights into marketing, and business acumen.
He has a special gift to be able to break these insights down clearly.
His mentorship and generosity is unmatched
We are extremely grateful to have Gavriel interface with, and guide our senior leadership team to increasing levels of success.
We cannot imagine having a more suitable marketing and business advisor to work with, and I personally cannot imagine how he would not be able to bring massive, transformational value to almost any organisation that wishes to improve their operations, or thinking.

Jerome Kelsey
Founder | www.freeos.io
 
Putting the AARRR back in growth with 'Pirate Metrics' (Ref: Lean Analytics, published by O'Reilly)
Advisory Services — helping startups Launch, Scale, & Pitch

Premium Car Service
 
Stabull | Web3 DeFi
Travel Brand, Stealth Mode
Recent or current engagements. We work with very few one-to-one clients at a time to provide fully-focused attention that actually moves the needle. 
If you're funded, apply to the Accelerator instead. 
SEND US A SERVICE ENQUIRY
Our Thesis: We Stand at the Cusp of Geometric Abundance.
Thrive for 1,000 Years, Then Decide What's Next. 
We see a civilization that expands into the infinite cosmos, navigating untold realms of cognitive experience with exhilarating discovery. All 8 Billion+ human collaborators onboard the spaceship we call Earth, exploring infinite potential.
Impacting The Next 1,000 Years
"Aim for the company of Immortals"
— David Ogilvy, Ogilvy Advertising Agency

Immortal Ventures is a subsidiary of Cyclic Media, Inc. 



0 of 350
Send message
